docs: add the DevSecOps report (#76)
thomas-mauran/LinkedOut: docs/devsecops/DevSecOps.tex

\end{figure}

\begin{table}[htbp] % Adjusted placement specifier
  \centering
  \small % Smaller font size
  \begin{tabular}{|p{2.5cm}|p{2.5cm}|p{2.5cm}|p{4cm}|p{4cm}|}
  \hline
  \textbf{Target} & \textbf{Title} & \textbf{Type} & \textbf{Description} & \textbf{Mitigations} \\ 
  \hline
  Mobile app & Man-in-the-middle & Spoofing & A man-in-the-middle attack is a form of cyberattack where an unauthorized third party intercepts and possibly alters communication between two parties without their knowledge or consent. & Since the API uses HTTPS, a man-in-the-middle would only let the attacker get the DNS the user is talking to (if not using a protocol such as DNS over HTTPS) since the HTTPS traffic will be encrypted from end-to-end. \\ 
  \hline
  Backend pods & Man-in-the-middle & Privilege escalation & A man-in-the-middle attack is a form of cyberattack where an unauthorized third party intercepts and possibly alters communication between two parties without their knowledge or consent. & Since the API uses HTTPS, and if the machine of the user is not compromised, it is not possible to tamper with the traffic in a useful manner because it is encrypted. \\ 
  \hline

>   API Gateway & JWT spoofing & Spoofing & JWT spoofing is the deceptive practice of forging or altering JSON Web Tokens to impersonate legitimate users or gain unauthorized access to systems and resources. & Since our authentication token only lasts 5 minutes, we limit the time someone who stole a token can impersonate. \\ 

Author: I think this is the wrong mitigation explanation for this kind of attack:
```suggestion
  API Gateway & JWT spoofing & Spoofing & JWT spoofing is the deceptive practice of forging or altering JSON Web Tokens to impersonate legitimate users or gain unauthorized access to systems and resources. & Our OIDC access token is signed by Keycloak, and the API gateway checks that the signature is correct on the token provided by the user. Therefore, this kind of attack is not possible. \\ 
```

Reviewer: :+1:

  \hline

>   API Gateway & JWT spoofing & Spoofing & JWT spoofing is the deceptive practice of forging or altering JSON Web Tokens to impersonate legitimate users or gain unauthorized access to systems and resources. & Since our authentication token only lasts 5 minutes, we limit the time someone who stole a token can impersonate. \\ 

Author: This line is a duplicate of the previous one.

\end{figure}

\begin{table}[htbp] % Adjusted placement specifier
  \centering
  \small % Smaller font size
  \begin{tabular}{|p{2.5cm}|p{2.5cm}|p{2.5cm}|p{4cm}|p{4cm}|}
  \hline
  \textbf{Target} & \textbf{Title} & \textbf{Type} & \textbf{Description} & \textbf{Mitigations} \\ 
  \hline
  Mobile app & Man in the middle & Spoofing & A man-in-the-middle attack is a form of cyber attack where an unauthorized third party intercepts and possibly alters communication between two parties without their knowledge or consent. & Since the API uses HTTPS, a man in the middle would only let the attacker get the DNS the users it's talking to since the information will be encrypted from end to end. \\ 
  \hline
  Backend pods & Man in the middle & Elevation of privilege & A man-in-the-middle attack is a form of cyber attack where an unauthorized third party intercepts and possibly alters communication between two parties without their knowledge or consent. & Since the API uses HTTPS, a man in the middle would only let the attacker get the DNS the users it's talking to since the information will be encrypted from end to end. \\ 
  \hline

>   API Gateway & JWT spoofing & Spoofing & JWT spoofing is the deceptive practice of forging or altering JSON Web Tokens to impersonate legitimate users or gain unauthorized access to systems and resources. & Since our authentication token only lasts 5 minutes, we limit the time someone who stole a token can impersonate. \\ 

Author: This line is a duplicate of the previous one.

  \hline

>   API Gateway & JWT spoofing & Spoofing & JWT spoofing is the deceptive practice of forging or altering JSON Web Tokens to impersonate legitimate users or gain unauthorized access to systems and resources. & Since our authentication token only lasts 5 minutes, we limit the time someone who stole a token can impersonate. \\ 

Author: This line is a duplicate of the previous one.
